Character ID string	Convo ID int	Location	NPC Response	Hero Responses (Seperated by '|') string	Function
Shaina	1	School	"Hello!" Shaina says annoyingly.	Hi	Next(2)
Shaina	2	School	"How are you?" *Squee	*Walks Away	EndConvo()
Heima - Neutral	3	Jail Cell-	You opened your eyes and rose from your unconscious state. As you stood up and glanced around, you find yourself trapped behind iron bars. Nothing but stone walls surround you. You turn to your right and see a bunk bed. You aren't alone in here. On your bottom bunk, there lies an individual with pointy ears...		Next(4)
Heima - Neutral	4	Jail Cell-	"“Hello.. m’am.. sir?” 		Next(5)
Heima - Surprised	5	Jail Cell-	Shit, you thought, I can’t tell from behind.  He.. she.. whatever.. grumbles and turns over.		Next(6)
Heima - Relieved	6	Jail Cell-	Ahh, you thought to yourself, there are boobs therefore that person is a lady.		Next(7)
Cerise -Neutral	7	Jail Cell-	She yawns and sits up on the bed.  “Hello.. my name is Cerise. Was just taking a nap to prepare for later tonight.”	“My name is Heima. But um... later tonight? What are you talking about?” you question.	Next(8)
Cerise - Confusedl	8	Jail Cell-	She scoffs.  “You intend to stay stuck in this cell? I’m getting outta here. You in?”	“I will accompany as your protector for I am the head knight after all… well at least I used to be.”  |  “No way baby, we got this cell all to ourselves ;) Stay with me, I'll give you a better escape.”  |  “Yes I would. I thank you for your generous offer. But may I also ask another favor ?”	Next(9)  |  Next(28)  |  Next(30)
Cerise - Confusedl	9	Jail Cell-	Cerise gives you a stern look, “Pft, don’t make me laugh. I can protect myself.” 	"By the way.. how do you intend to ahem... escape?" Heima whispers, realizing they were talking quite loudly. 	Next(10)
Cerise -Neutral	10	Jail Cell-	Cerise rummages through her left pocket and pulls out a shiny key.  “Stole this key the moment those stupid guards threw me in. I had my hands untied the entire time... I’m the best assassin the world has to offer after all,” says Cerise arrogantly.  “Anyways, shh, I have been surveying the guard’s movements. They are always coming in pairs for safety reasons, but the next pair takes a while to pass by. We can immediately make our escape when one pair passes by… or we can kill them to relay a message to the others. I’ll let you choose, white knight.” 	"Kill them! I thought they were my brethren, but they all turned their backs on me the moment I was stripped of my power..."  |  "No way, I know them. I will not slay my own brethren." 	Next(11) |  Next(12)
Cerise - Smug	11	Jail Cell-	Cerise smirked. “Nice, you’re not as much of a pansy as I thought.”		Next(13)
Cerise -Neutral	12	Jail Cell-	"Ugg, fine, fucking pansy..." Cerise mumbles.		Next(13)
Cerise -Neutral	13	Jail Cell-	“So why are you here anyways?” 	You sigh, “The owner of this kingdom, King Leo II, had me thrown in jail.”	Next(14)
Cerise - Confusedl	14	Jail Cell-	“Why?” Cerise asked with a curious expression.		Next(15)
Heima - Neutral	15	Jail Cell-	“The king adopted me when I was a young child. I always looked up to him and I swore my loyalty and gave up my life to protect him.  He appointed me as head knight when I was 11 and was well known among everyone as the best knight that ever lived. As a result, I also took care of his daughter, Princess Camille.”  “One day while taking my daily stroll around the castle, I saw Camille heading towards her father’s room but she did not look her usual self... almost as if she was a completely different person. I noticed the cloth she was carrying had creases in the shape of knives. Without hesitation, I grabbed for the cloth and it ended with her pointing one of the knives at me, wanting to kill her father.”  “Because of the loud commotion, the king saw us and immediately warrant for our arrest. I felt completely lost when I realize the king did not trust me. Next thing I knew, Camille slit the throats of the two guards that tried to apprehend us, out of sheer panic. That was the last I saw of her…”		Next(16) 
	16	Jail Cell-	“I’m sorry for your loss… “Cerise said sadly, looking down. It was not like she didn’t know what to say. She also suffered a lot. The best she could do was sharing her story.  “I am here because I made a stupid mistake when trying to assassinate your… king,” she hissed.  “A long time ago he came to my village and burned the whole place... It killed my parents. Ever since that day, the fire still burns in my eyes and trained myself to be an assassin. It was the only way I could survive and the only way I could one day seek my revenge. Our village had a special mark that only existed within our community.”   Cerise pulls up the cape draped around her left shoulder and reveals a crescent moon with a sword running through it horizontally. 	You panic at the sight of the marking. It looks like… “I… I have the same exact mark... but on my right shoulder…” you said as you pull up your right shoulder guard.  “The king always told me my parents died to a fire made by dragons… I was a fool, I trusted him fully…” 	Next(17) | Next(18) 
Cerise - Pained	17	Jail Cell-	Cerise puts her hand on exposed right shoulder and looks at you with a worried face. “You and I aren’t as different as I thought…”  	You hear the sound of metal armor clanking against each other in the distance.	Next(18) | Next(19)
Cerise - Smug	18	Jail Cell-	“Alright, get ready, it’s time to shed some blood tonight,” she whispered loudly with a smug look on her face.		Next(20)
	19	Jail Cell-	"Alright, get ready, it's time to get the hell out of here," she whispered loudly with a smug look on her face.		Next(20)
Heima - Neutral	20	Jail Cell-	As the guards pass by your cell, both of you were in your respective beds.  You felt a cool breeze past you as the door to your cell swung open. It barely made any sound, so the guards never turned around. 		NextScene(21)
Heima - Neutral	21	Hallway-1	You and Cerise quietly followed the two guards down the hall, matching their footsteps to avoid getting caught. Soon, both of you were hidden well in the shadows. Now it is your chance to get them by using what's around you.	Bucket | Torches on the wall | Swords on the guards	Next(22) | Next(24) | Next(25)
Heima - Neutral	22	Hallway-1	You choose to use the buckets laying on the floor. You and Cerise grab one and used your agileness to place it upon thier heads. 		Next(23)
Heima - Angry	23	Hallway - 1	Now that the guards were unable to see, you grab the sword from the guards and stab both of them through the stomach in one fell swoop.		Next(26)
Heima - Angry	24	Hallway-1	You choose to use the torches on the wall. You and Cerise emerge from the shadows and grab a torch on both walls. No matter how fast you were, the shift of light alerted the guards. They quickly unsheath their weapons and slice horizontally the air behind them.  You fucked up. Cerise's head detaches from her body and you got a huge gash on your stomach. Everything is painted heavily in red... You think to yourself, did it have to end like this? Unforunately for you, you only have one life. Everything fades to black... GAME OVER.		End()
Heima - Neutral	25	Hallway-1	You choose to try and get the swords from the guards. You and Cerise ran along opposing walls to try and flank the guards. An unforunate timing from other prisoners throwing things cause the guards to turn around. Both of you guys were seen and immediately pinned down. Both guards unsheath their swords and behead us both. Too bad, GAME OVER.		End()
Cerise - Happy	26	Hallway - 1	As you and Cerise reach the end of the hallway, the exit was to our left.  Cerise was the first one to speak.  "Escaping is much more fun than doing it alone. Thanks for the entertainment, Heima."  She gives you a kiss and pulls you in to whisper in your ear: "The way you killed the guards was pretty hot, why don't we have some more fun over there?"  She leads you into the forest that lies outside the dungeon's exit. You and Cerise dissapear into the sea of green. GOOD JOB! 		End()
Cerise - Happy	27	Hallway - 1	As you and Cerise reach the end of the hallway, the exit was to our left.  Cerise was the first one to speak.  "Escaping is much more fun than doing it alone. Thanks for the entertainment, Heima."  She gives you a kiss on the cheek.  "See you around" She said with a smirk on her face and runs off into the dense forest.  As you face the rising sun, you feel even more determined to punish the king for all his wrongdoings. 		End()
Heima - Neutral	28	Jail Cell	Cerise made a disgusted face and scoffs at you. You shrug and head to bed, exhausted from everything. When you woke up you realize that you were the only one left in the room. A guard appeared with a man that was thrown into the same cell as you.		Next(28)
Heima - Panic	29	Jail Cell	The man was incredibly huge, almost 7 feet tall and looks like he could lift 300 lbs.  The man looks at you and smirks. "Hey there pretty boy, time for your punishment."  You panic, realizing the fate you must endure. You were raped and unfortunately was not alive afterwards. At least you didn't really die as a virgin. GAME OVER.		End()
Heima - Worried	30	Jail Cell	"I was wondering if you would also help rescue my friend... I don't know where they are but I just know they are here, alive, somewhere..."		Next(31)
Cerise - Smile	31	Jail Cell	"I'll take that challenge!" she said excitingly		Next(30)
Heima - Angry	32	Hallway	You hear faint screaming coming from the right side of the hallway.  "That's her! That's my friend Camille! Let's follow the screams, I wonder what's going on..."  You and Cerise walked for another 5 minutes, following the screams that got louder and louder. 		Next(33)
Heima - Angry	33	Experiment room			
					
					
					
Camille - Happy		Hallway			